Blue Spice is a coffee shop in the city centre .
Blue Spice is a coffee shop in the riverside area .
Blue Spice is a coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
Blue Spice is a coffee shop near Burger King . It has an average customer rating .
Blue Spice is a coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . It has an average customer rating .
Blue Spice is a pub in the city centre .
Blue Spice is a pub in the riverside area .
Blue Spice is a pub near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
Blue Spice is a pub near Burger King . It has an average customer rating .
Blue Spice is a pub near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . It has an average customer rating .
Blue Spice is a pub that serves Chinese food . It is located in the city centre near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It is not family - friendly .
Blue Spice is a family friendly pub serving Chinese food in the city centre near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is a pub that serves Chinese food in the riverside area near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It is not family - friendly .
Blue Spice is a family friendly pub serving Chinese food in the riverside area near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is a pub that serves English food . It is located in the city centre near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It is not family - friendly .
Blue Spice is a family friendly pub that serves English food . It is located in the city centre near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is a pub that serves English food . It is located in the riverside area near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It is not family - friendly .
Blue Spice is a family friendly pub that serves English food . It is located in the riverside area near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is a Chinese restaurant located in the city centre near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It is not family - friendly .
Blue Spice is a Chinese restaurant located in the city centre near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It is family friendly .
Blue Spice is a Chinese restaurant in the riverside area near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It is not family - friendly .
Blue Spice is a kid friendly Chinese restaurant in the riverside area near Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is a restaurant that serves English food . It is located in the city centre near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It is not family - friendly .
Blue Spice is a children friendly restaurant located in the city centre near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is an English restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café in the riverside area . It is not family - friendly .
Blue Spice is a kid friendly restaurant that serves English food in the riverside area near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Clowns is a coffee shop near All Bar One . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Clowns is a coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
Clowns is a coffee shop near The Sorrento .
Clowns is a pub near All Bar One . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Clowns is a pub near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
Clowns is a pub near The Sorrento .
Cocum is a coffee shop near Burger King . It has a high customer rating .
Cocum is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia . It has a high customer rating .
Cocum is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia . It has a low customer rating .
Cocum is a coffee shop near the Express by Holiday Inn . It has a low customer rating .
Cocum is a coffee shop near The Rice Boat .
Cocum is a coffee shop near The Sorrento .
Cocum is a high rated pub near Burger King .
Cocum is a high rated pub near Café Sicilia .
Cocum is a pub near Café Sicilia . It has a low customer rating .
Cocum is a pub near Express by Holiday Inn . It has a low customer rating .
Cocum is a pub near The Rice Boat .
Cocum is a pub near The Sorrento .
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Bakers .
Cotto is a pub near The Bakers .
Near The Bakers is a coffee shop called Giraffe .
Giraffe is a coffee shop near The Rice Boat .
Giraffe is a family friendly pub serving English food in the riverside area near Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Giraffe is a fast food pub located in the city centre near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It is not family - friendly .
Giraffe is a fast food pub located in the city centre near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It is family friendly .
Giraffe is a fast food pub in the riverside area near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It is not family - friendly .
Giraffe is a fast food pub located in the riverside area near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It is family friendly .
Giraffe is a fast food pub located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area . It is family friendly .
Giraffe is a French pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . It is not family - friendly .
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre , Giraffe is a family friendly pub serving French food .
Giraffe is a French pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area . It is not family - friendly .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area , Giraffe is a family friendly pub serving French food .
Giraffe is a pub near The Bakers .
Giraffe is a pub near The Rice Boat .
Giraffe is a kid friendly English restaurant in the riverside area near Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Giraffe is a fast food restaurant located in the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It is not family - friendly .
Giraffe is a fast food restaurant located in the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It is family friendly .
Giraffe is a fast food restaurant in the riverside area near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It is not family - friendly .
Giraffe is a fast food restaurant in the riverside area near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It is family friendly .
Giraffe is a fast food restaurant in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine . It is family friendly .
Giraffe is a French restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . It is not family - friendly .
Giraffe is a French restaurant located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . It is family friendly .
Giraffe is a French restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area . It is not family - friendly .
Giraffe is a kid friendly French restaurant in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Green Man is a coffee shop near All Bar One . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Green Man is a coffee shop near All Bar One . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Green Man is a pub near All Bar One . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Green Man is a pub near All Bar One . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Green Man is a family friendly Italian pub near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area is a family friendly pub called Green Man .
Green Man is a Japanese pub near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre . It is not family - friendly .
Green Man is a family friendly Japanese pub near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre .
Green Man is a Japanese pub near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area . It is not family - friendly .
Green Man is a family friendly Japanese pub near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area .
Green Man is a kid friendly Italian restaurant in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area is a kid friendly Italian restaurant called Green Man .
Green Man is a Japanese restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre . It is not family - friendly .
In the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn is a family friendly Japanese restaurant called Green Man .
Green Man is a Japanese restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area . It is not family - friendly .
Green Man is a kid friendly Japanese restaurant in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn .
Loch Fyne is a coffee shop in the riverside area .
Loch Fyne is a riverside pub .
Strada is a coffee shop in the city centre .
Strada is a coffee shop near All Bar One . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Strada is a coffee shop near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Strada is a coffee shop near the Express by Holiday Inn . It has a low customer rating .
Strada is a pub in the city centre .
Strada is a pub near All Bar One . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Strada is a pub near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
